# Meeting notes September 5, 2013

### Recall:
- Project:
    - Interaction design / End-user programming;
    - Develop tool for chemists that assists them in assigning partial charges
      to molecule fragments by comparing these with fragments for which the charge
      is already known.
- Problem:
    - Computations are too slow (can take up to several days).

### Project plan:
- Title: **"Interaction Design for Fragment-based Molecule Parameterisation"**
- Template on Blackboard;
- Should include:
    - Literature studies;
    - Problem definition;
    - Risks, e.g.:
        - Availability of datasets;
        - Human factors.
    - Experiments that will be performed:
        - User studies:
            - Time to complete task(s);
            - Performance in completing task:
                - Formula of scoring this performance is yet to be developed.
            - Intuitivity of tool.
    - Planning.
- Pointers:
    - Whole process described in introduction of Mohammed and Gunnar's paper:
        - Bottleneck is computation of the input files.
    - Donald Norman's paper on usability.

### Implementation:
- HTML5;
- Should somehow indicate symmetry;
- Two different approaches:
    1. Let users select a group and find a match;
    2. Suggest a set of groups and let users select the best.
- Design may be based on existing software that chemists use or something
  completely different:
    - Gunnar and Mohammed will ask for existing software;
    - They will also ask if the chemists have any idea on what they want:
         - Probably the best solution, but definately something to keep in mind.

### Organizational:
- Contract with CWI should be arranged:
    - 2 months parttime (.6 FTE) + 3 months fulltime (or 5 months .8 FTE);
    - Cannot be done in SE group, so will be in Life Sciences group;
    - Jimi -> Send passport and CV to Gunnar.

